feat: Add network assets package. (#2314)
flame-engine/flame: doc/flame/rendering/images.md

}
```

## Loading images from the network

Flame core package doesn't offer a built in method to loading images from the network.

The reason for that is that Flutter/Dart does not have a built in http client, which required
a package to be used and since there are a couple of packages available out there, we refrain

> from forcing, on even pushing the user in a specific package.

Reviewer: Isn't `http` the "official" package? Its publisher is `dart.dev`, and it's described as
> Official core packages published by the Dart Team; these are foundational packages that complement the core libraries.

Author: It is, that is why that is the one that I choose for the default implementation on the package!

But it is not built in in flutter.

```

> ## Loading images from the network

Reviewer 2: I think this section should be further down in the document? Feels like Sprite for example is of higher priority?

> Flame core package doesn't offer a built in method to loading images from the network.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Flame core package doesn't offer a built in method to loading images from the network.
```

> The reason for that is that Flutter/Dart does not have a built in http client, which required

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The reason for that is that Flutter/Dart does not have a built in http client, which requires
```

a package to be used and since there are a couple of packages available out there, we refrain

> from forcing, on even pushing the user in a specific package.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
from forcing the user to use a specific package.
```

With that said, it is quite simple to load images from the network once a http client package
is chosen by the user. The following snippet shows how an `Image` can be fetched from the web
using the [http](https://pub.dev/packages/http) package.

```dart
import 'package:http/http.dart' as http;
import 'package:flutter/painting.dart';

final response = await http.get('https://url.com/image.png');
final image = await decodeImageFromList(response.bytes);
```

```{note}
Check [`flame_network_assets`](https://pub.dev/packages/flame_network_assets)
for a ready to use network assets solution that provides a built in cache.

> ```

Reviewer 3: we could probably be even more persuasive about using the flame_network_assets, and frame importing http "by hand" as an alternative

> for a ready to use network assets solution that provides built in cache.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
for a ready to use network assets solution that provides a built in cache.
```
